In this video I'm going to present how to open and see images with open oppositely in C++.
So let's see how it works.
Let us consider a file open underskirt copy the TPP which is located in Topeka you see the perception
in the folder.
CPB.
So first of all we need to import the different libraries to up see CD and then we define the main function.
And when you find an image structure using the class which is a class defined the opposite either defines
a structure of an image in C++ and then we create the image from a fight or game which is located in
a specific path.
So basically we're going to read this image that is called Just the GBG.
OK.
And you specified the absolute path of the image.
OK slash home.
And then the name of the image the page so I specify the absolute path because later on when you execute
the C++ program you should just specify here.
For example if you just mention chess the GBG in this case you have to execute the note but I'm the
same folder where this fire is located.
If you specify only the file name you have to exit the node from the same location and the same folder
of the pipe where it is located.
However if you use here the absolute path in this case independently from where you exit into OK it
could be able to find the correct height and then use it to open the image and then assign the image
to the image object that is created here and then the second parameter of the method is you know image
color which means you would like to read the image as a colored image.
And then we are going to make a reality check whether the image is correctly read or not.
So if not image that data and this means if there is no data found in the image for example that was
not correct or the image is not found in this case we're going to upload an error message.
Could not open our image and then return minus want to exit the main function so the code will not continue
the execution because the image was not.
And in case of that image is read correctly we are going to create an image window and then we will
use the method I show in code to display the image.
In addition we can see a copy of the image into a file.
OK.
Using the method I would like.
So here we specify the path I'm going to sail it into the home directory and temporary for there and
then I would call it image the GBG.
Then the second parameter is the image object itself.
And finally to wait.
Actually when I place a key it's going to exit the program.
So let's try to execute the code in order to compile the file to BP we need to add the executable into
the sea make that the XTi the process is similar to what we did in the previous video.
Of course we have to make sure that we use find package on CD and also include directories Auckland
Sydney included and then we add the instructions for adding the executable and executable open copy
underscores GPB.
And then we find the source files which is this one.
And then we leave the libraries to catkin Lebanese.
And also we would need the executable to open city libraries.
Once this is done we can go and compile our code using that.
So now let's run the program.
So first of all we need to compile our code get an engine that is executable for a piece of it underscores
UDP.
Let's check first the before.
This is the home company for that.
There is nothing you can cite and then I'm going to run the restaurant essentially see if the open copy
underscores the b b c the name of the.
And then display First the origin an image that is red and this is the chessboard and then coming back
to our top room for that we can find another copy image.
OK so using I am right get in the dumper for that we can find now the copy image already created using
this method and I am sure this displayed the images that you have that sound bite.
And this is the original image that you have that is located.
So in the next video I'm going to show you how to work with cross-breed in C++ and then we present how
to convert an image from a to z format into the format and from Rose format into the opposite the format.
So let's see how that works.